+++
author = "Hugo Authors"
title = "Quiescence and Emergence"
date = "2026-01-01"
description = "I'm already way beyond that."
tags = [
    "Balls",
]
categories = [
    "New day",
]

+++
There's a one-sided dislike between John Berger and I: partly because he's dead. I do consider his work in the field of art criticism to be really important. But it's one of his quotes where our Ways of Seeing things change. A lesser comedian would've ended the previous sentence with 'haha, get it?', a better comedian wouldn't have added this line, fortunately, I am no comedian. I wonder why though; I used to be funny once upon a time. Not really funny to other people but I found myself funny, not anymore. I sometimes don't even understand why people talk nowadays, that too constantly. Everyone is always talking. I used to keep my head down in school most of the time because I liked to hear the sounds traveling through the table. When it were classes, the teacher would be talking, when it were breaks, the kids would be talking, everyone was always talking, some would also talk about how I was a weird kid. All I would do was look at them. While I might not understand why everyone liked to talk, it does not mean I hated it. I saw it as a harmony of waves. People talking about their dog that ate rat poison last week, how they saw a guy getting flung out of his bike after getting into an accident, the exam's syllabus not making any sense, their tuition teachers being filthy rich, how these two 6th grade kids were caught making out in the bio lab, the old man who didn't sacrifice his lamb even after Bakreid, the guy with vitiligo who died trying to be accepted by people around him, the girl who kept on reading even with a blue eye, the cab driver who thought he could fix religion, another girl who put neosporin all over herself thinking it'd fix her enough to make her mother love her again, another another girl whose dad was physically abusive and she only realized it when she had already become like him, the priest who played drums and sang of peace on the streets while people were rioting around him, the smell at your grandparent's house, the stupid puzzle at the back of that cereal box, the last gift you ever received on your birthday, what you saw in the mirror that morning, the moment you realize things will never go back to the way they were and how your heart felt about it, the pizza at the edge of a trash can, crocodiles in moats, asses in cicero, spiders in washrooms, masturbating with a nokia 3310, love letters, suicides, airpods, cities, flat feet, fans, fireflies, bones, sports, alcohol, diaries, clocks, white board markers, rockets, magazines, crepes, shadows, skirts, squirrels, tiny gods, 40000 theives and peacocks. Whatever I wish to say always ends up getting erased by my words. 

"To be desired is perhaps the closest anybody in this life can reach to feeling immortal.” - John Berger. Obviously, desire is the root to all suffering. I like to believe I'm a reincarnation of Buddha because that'd mean he never gained nirvaan. More importantly, I'm getting desensitised to time. I think everyone does eventually. One of the significant forms of humor in my family is them imitating how I speak. It's been more than a decade since my voice changed but even now when they joke about something I'd say, they use a higher pitch. Sometimes I forget how big my hands have become myself. In my head, my voice still sounds like what it sounded back when I was a kid: the ability of recording one's voice allows me to get disillusioned. It is unnatural to not consider myself as a kid anymore, even though I'm very clearly not. I am finishing writing this at the end of the 2025. More than half a decade has passed since the pandemic started. I'm about to finish my degree soon. With the start of next semester, I'd finally be breaking my record of the longest school I have studied in, that being this university. I remember walking out of the window of my 6th floor apartment to sit on a ledge and look at a beehive. I must've been 3 or 4 when that happened. I remember being worried about the bubblegum that I swallowed around that time. I was jumping in my school van and accidentally gulped. These memories have plagued me all my life but now that they've slowly begun to disappear, I feel even more awful. I can list so many memories, but eventually I will get alienated from all of them. I already am. To be remembered is the closest I will come to feeling immortal, at the same time, I don't wish to be remembered, or perceived. Primarily because the grapes will always be sour for the fox. It's less painful to want to not be remembered when you know you can't reach the grapes. There's a faint hum of the heating system where I'm sitting. Apart from that there's no other sound. I'm sleeping on a couch as the new year starts. There's one minute to midnight as I'm writing this so I'm going to pause for a moment. New year.

My eyes are getting smaller too. There's a certain reflection of grief in them but I am unsure what I am grieving. I went back 6 years in my gallery and the consistency of that gradual diminishment is remarkable. I never even realized (and I am still quite unsure of) how it changed. There were signs however, my friends and family started to look at me weirdly, even they couldn't recognize what I was becoming. Almost four years ago, I walked past a guy who had previously made it abundantly clear that he did not like me and found me annoying only to be stopped by him. He said that I looked visibly upset and just wanted to ensure everything was okay. I'm uncertain if there was a genuine concern or he just wanted to acknowledge my supposed ruin since he had a smile that felt almost euphoric. I wasn't feeling anything in that moment so I told him everything was okay and moved on though my destination after the interaction had changed. While consciously ensuring that my face and expression did not change, I beelined towards the nearest restroom to try to understand what he saw. While the eyes of people around me were always giving me clues, this was the first concrete evidence that something was changing about my face and I needed to understand what was happening. The results were unfruitful, I just looked like myself, tired. Back in April of 2020 and almost like a premonition, I got this indescribable feeling that I would be dying soon (it has been six years, how soon is too soon). It had nothing to do with the virus (at least directly but you know how butterflies act), sometimes I think it didn't have to do with anything. One of the many such moments where I realized things will never go back to the way they were. It was such a soft burden but a pound of feathers is not any lighter than a pound of steel; if anything, it occupies more space. But a tree does not discriminate who it provides shelter to; it doesn't care about boundaries, the names of crossed stars carved on its trunk or the cruel kids who try to pluck its leaves just for fun. A tree never eats its own fruits. 
